Would you care to evaluate council's support of
you in that situation and why you think they acted
as they did? Well, I think that most members of
council are generally not as strong-willed as I
am. And a number of them are more tolerant of
disorderliness than I am and expressed to me the
fact that they were very willing to proceed with
that council meeting in a very disorderly
environment. That would be the case under any
circumstances. I've seen some of the same ones
proceed in annexation hearings where there was a
great amount of disorder, and it's just a
difference of opinion. What do you think the role
of a city is when it comes to annexation and the
rights of a city that doesn't want to be annexed?
Well, we don't annex other cities. Each city has
its own powers, and one city cannot annex another
one. We only annex areas in our extraterritorial
jurisdiction that are unincorporated. And I
think our role is well defined by state law that we
are required to prepare service plans to assure
that the area that we're going to annex will be
provided with adequate city services. We're
required to hold public hearings in the area to be
annexed to explain those service plans. And that
is what we comply with. At what point do you think
Houston will stop annexing? At the point when we
stop growing, which I hope will not happen because
the growth of the city has been good for the people
who live here. And so I do not see annexation as a
finite kind of situation. So then, by definition,
annexation would be good for the people who
annexed also? Yes. I think that... The fact that
Texas annexation laws provide for a city to expand
its city limits to include the population base so
that all of the population base shares one tax base
and one service base have been very good and have
kept us from suffering from the problems of other
cities, particularly in the Northeast, in which
the the people or the taxpayers and the wealth has
all left the inner city and gone into suburban
cities and left the inner city with a
deteriorating tax base that couldn't support
itself. Finally, the Houston Oilers have done a
good job of ruining the city's image. What do you
plan on doing about the Houston Oilers? Are they
working against your administration? Are they
trying to ruin things for you? What do you see as
solving the problem? If they run off Roe Campbell,
I'll think that they're working against this
administration. But I thought the best way we
could solve the problem was by having a successful
team at the University of Houston. However, other
than the basketball team, we haven't managed to
accomplish that as yet. But we'll wait until next
year. We will then. Wait until next year. Thank you
very much. Okay. Thank you.